and then the black beauty chances no more
old channel + video for you and today
Well, well then, well, there it is.
Calm down and sure for us today.
I'm going to make a video and show you the
sister if it's worth it to be spending goals
this law within the fashion illustration and
I'll talk a little bit about the dragon.
soft
So, old man is already out of a gun.
please
only with him the question because well there
First, I wanted to say that this
fashion season is very complicated
because people will get in
look for the sister if it were sure it would be good
but it is not
the success rate and if it fails, it sucks.
Why are you going to have to pay and a
It was fashionable to be able to purify and
try to get as many stars as possible
clinging to these states compensates
it depends on 70
already his cosmo present already closed the set
with the cosmos say more goal there
send it, I can talk here compensates
Why, for example, for me?
you see I'm almost flat it's almost between
the two cultures
in this gold shape gives a ox is illustration
now because what I do for my
cosme favela much more because the guti
I lost trying to fuck the bastards
old will be too high so after
that the cosmo bread I'm going to get the almost is
the beauty fashion quote
Now I'll talk a little bit there, right?
a dragon from the house and thinks that
Offsets Dragon Research
mann investigates between quotation marks, not because
when you wear are you make one is
abyss side there in the maze and one in abc
will spend three keys and each
five floors you will earn is a one
soul of the dragon for you to eat
see xp and old I think a
competitor spend three chances and do
abyss even more if you kind came in
floor 10 looks plus rain on the 15th floor
Even so, it does not pay but only
20 out on the floor when you're increasing
here when it failed failed to have
which to climb bare so when paid is not
a much less power to increase by 1% and
on the other while mine that I believe
be alive né on level 1 is life and will
increasing by 1% or it is a thing
garbage is not worth your time
1 to play get fast that not in
not increase so much power
if you fart in the abyss, just follow the
xp mbi dialogue for bonuses and striving
to the park is a beauty dredge
conclude
Should you review this will it be worth it?
if she spent with the fashion station
you are already with for example 40% of 161
with your cosmos
slightly shorter than pink for
then spend intensivista 1 year that
morán with old carambola and this
attack library and it was there to lend
attention to the weapon it gives strength
clothing to protect the clothing
intelligence hat or just
You need only a hat and a
it is nothing physical to kaká for example
realize it that you have to have two
star and what 's 3
then it means that it accumulates five each
It is and can reach a maximum of 30 power up
I can not go wrong, it can reach 30 of spindle
beauty took a turn
if it is to spend on the streets it was nothing
palpa is view the full hell is
That's it and Saturday, yesterday in the video.
second will be the second episode of
outlet if you have not seen mano will give a
Look at the channel, you 'll see there xvii
that I did the first ppp in the new
sepetiba on the channel Bethlehem and I
I'll stay right here.
if you like the video likes
share leave the fan maroto comments
not even a channel time is also missing
more
went